Jump off the world!
Who do you most want to sleep with out of everyone here?
Who is most likely to be killed first if they were in a horror movie?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 3k hours, drink 3
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 8k hours, drink 8
Never have I ever stolen a friend's story and pretended it happened to me
Take 1 drink if you think #NAME could beat you in an argument
Do you prefer white or wheat bread?
Who is most likely to ask for advice but never take it?
Never have I ever given someone a hickey
Point at #NAME and say something genuinely nice
Start a waterfall: you can only stop drinking if the player before you stopped
Everyone who thinks #NAME is secretly very wise drinks 1
Thank Cthulhu for the bountiful amount of drinks you and your friends are receiving, whole group cheers after
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think is taller IRL? They take 2 drinks
Never have I ever finished a Sudoku puzzle
Throw a D6, everybody drinks the amount you roll
If you and #NAME both have the letter Z in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever done a body shot
You and the player opposite of you are married now, tell people about your honeymoon
Switch places with someone
Do you prefer bowling or putt-putt?
Put a ice cube in your underwear
Who is most likely to spend hours in a YouTube conspiracy theory hole?
Never have I ever received a free drink
Pick either #NAME or #NAME, take a pure shot with them
Never have I ever jaywalked
Never have I ever made out with a stranger
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with T
Never have I ever mistaken a man for a woman, or vice versa
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather make out with? Take a drink with them
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with O
Give #NAME a new status, it sticks for the rest of the game
Never have I ever driven drunk
Never have I ever eaten expired food or drink
Give #NAME a lapdance
Describe #NAME's current situation as a movie title
Longest username drinks
Never have I ever Googled my own name to see what comes up
If you and #NAME both have the letter C in your name, you both drink 2
Give a short motivational speech about something completely trivial
Switch into your newest uploaded avatar
Is your birhday this month? Give out 5 dirinks!
Take up to 10 drinks, everyone else drinks half that
Who is most likely to write a bestseller?
Never have I ever ridden a bike on the sidewalk
Anyone who is drinking gin, take 2 drinks
Change your status to: I did an oopsie
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with I
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Do you prefer a carnival or the circus?
Start drinking until you have 1 drink left in your glass
Say something mean to the player opposite to you
You tell #NAME what character in a video game they remind you of
Perform 10 pushups on the table
Do you prefer gas or electric stove?
Never have I ever had a cavity
Never have I ever tried counting how many licks it took to get to the center of a popsicle
Are you turned on right now?
Anyone who has blue on their avatar drinks
If you could use telekinesis, what would you use it for?
Never have I ever played Candy Crush
Do you prefer barbecue or oven?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with M
Never have I ever tried to impress a crush by seeming knowledgeable about things they liked
Never have I ever turned underwear inside out to get more use out of it
Never have I ever been the drunkest person at the party
Say 2 truths and a lie, if #NAME guesses the lie correctly they can give 3 drinks
Everyone who has at least 1 similar letter in their name drinks with you
#NAME and #NAME both give you their best pick up line, worst one drinks in shame
Drink 1 if you've ever lent something to #NAME and never got it back
Everyone who is sitting down takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever pretended to laugh at a joke I didn't get
Have you ever done it in a car?
#NAME thinks of a number 1-10, if you guess correctly you give 5 drinks
Never have I ever let dirty dishes sit in the sink for over a week
You and #NAME tell one thing about the other person that they would never admit to
Everyone takes a drink for each person they are simping for
If you knew your friend's partner was cheating on them, what would you do?
Let #NAME decide who's prompt you are going to drink for instead, no questions asked
Everyone in the room drinks
Never have I ever lied about my age
Never have I ever smelled clothing to see if they were too dirty to wear again
Never have I ever cried during a Pixar movie
Never have I ever bungee-jumped
Have you ever cursed at your parents?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Never have I ever passed second base
Pick 2 people to kiss eachother or make them drink 2
Who is most likely to drop everything and travel the world?
Guess what #NAME was like in high school, they take 1 for each correct one
Have you ever told a secret you were told to keep?
Switch into your lewdest avatar for 1 round
Everyone who has ever lost money gambling takes a drink
Tell us about a trait of yours that you think others might find annoying
Never have I ever licked a coin
Guess someones kink, if you are correct they drink, if not you drink
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think drinks more alcohol? They skip drinks for 1 round
Never have I ever tripped in public
Everyone who has a 1 in their age drinks
Twerk for 5 seconds
Who is most likely to get lost in their own hometown?
Never have I ever thrown up after seeing someone else throw up
Anyone who is from Belgium takes 2 drinks
Tell a sad story to the group
Anyone who is from Greece takes 2 drinks
Would you call #NAME or #NAME if something went wrong?
Have you ever made someone cry?
Never have I ever lost sunglasses that I was already wearing
If you have said #NAME's name more than once tonight, take 2 drinks
Who is most likely to give their kid an unusual (terrible) name?
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in January
What do you think #NAME was in a previous life?
You are a smuggler, you can get hired to smuggle a drink from one player to the other once per full round
Take 3 drinks
Do you prefer hot tubs or hot springs?
Never have I ever watched a movie because I knew it had nudity
Never have I ever drank a flaming shot
Have you ever had a wet dream about yourself?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with G
Everyone who has known #NAME for more than 5 year drinks 6
All the boomers take a drink
If you have ever lied on a questionnaire, take 1 drink
Never have I ever tasted earwax
Never have I ever wiped my armpits with a towel instead of showering
What’s something your mom doesn’t know about you?
Everyone who has ever spend more than 50 euro on a Gacha game drink
If you and #NAME both have the letter U in your name, you both drink 2
Everyone who has known #NAME for more than 1 year drinks 2
Everyone who has done something lewd with someone in the room drinks
Play rock-paper-scissors against #NAME, loser drinks 2
Anyone who started questioning their sexuality after playing VRchat drinks
Never have I ever tried wine in a box
Between you and #NAME, the oldest one takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Bulgaria takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Ireland takes 2 drinks
Do you prefer movie theaters or arcades?
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Drink 1 for every country you visited
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
Never have I ever bought something stolen
Never have I ever been scared of clowns
You can only whisper for 1 round
All E-boy avatars drink
Who's the funniest in this room?
If you are wearing full body, rotate your belt 180 degrees for 1 turn
The person to your left and right drink
Anyone who has slept past noon this week takes 2 drinks
Who is most likely to go a week without a shower?
Do you think #NAME has ever panic-cleaned before someone came over?
Do you think #NAME has ever sent a paragraph text and regretted it?
Take 1 drink
You and #NAME debate whether instinct or logic is more reliable
If your avatar is over 100Mb of texture memory, take 4 drinks
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
Reveal your most irrational fear, anyone who shares it takes a drink
Never have I ever broken the "five-second rule"
Impersonate someone in the group, if they guess correctly you can give a drink
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
If you've ever lied to #NAME about something small, take a drink
Never have I ever been a bully
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
Tell #NAME the weirdest compliment you can give them
What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
Anyone who has send a voice message today takes a drink
Between #NAME, #NAME and #NAME, who would you f*ck, marry, kill?
If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this room, who would you pick?
Take a drink if you are mostly attracted to people the same age as you
Never have I ever dressed as the opposite sex
Who is most likely to still own a Nokia 3310?
All E-girl avatars drink
Never have I ever sucked my thumb
Anyone who is from The Netherlands takes 2 drinks
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
Everyone who has a 8 in their age drinks
Finish half of your drink
Who is most likely to become an influencer?
Never have I ever played poker for money
Which celebrity do you want to have a relationship with?
Anyone who is from Hungary takes 2 drinks
Drink 2 for every player you know the first name of
Never have I ever been scared of the dark
Do you sleep completely nude?
Who is most likely to get too drunk at pre drinks?
Never have I ever thought a movie was better than the book
Who is most likely to have a one night stand?
Who is most likely to be the first one at the mic at karaoke?
Anyone who has purple on their avatar drinks
Have you ever fallen out of bed in the middle of the night?
You are a saint, you have to ease the burden of any player by 1 drink per 1 full round
If you and #NAME both have the letter Q in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever thrown up in my mouth and swallowed it
Everyone who thinks #NAME is underestimated drinks 1
Read out the last dirty DM you sent to someone
What do you think #NAME's biggest turn-off is?
Drink 4 if you like Apple over Android
Do you think you are a good kisser?
Never have I ever lied to my parents about where I was going
What is your favorite fruit?
Never have I ever sent someone a sexy selfie
Compliment the avatar of #NAME, dead seriously
Do you prefer yoga pants or jeans?
Do you prefer eggs or pancakes?
Are you scared of the dark?
Have you ever done it in a public place?
Do you prefer a fan or air conditioner?
Anyone who is from Denmark takes 2 drinks
#NAME reveals their most controversial food opinion, if you agree you drink
Everyone who thinks #NAME has the best laugh here takes drinks 1
Do you prefer riches or happiness?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
Do you prefer Christmas or Halloween?
The group votes on whether #NAME is a morning or night person, those wrong take a drink
Never have I ever dropped Mentos into Coke or Pepsi
Never have I ever clogged a toilet
Never have I ever used my hands as a tissue
Do you like a lot of foreplay?
Never have I ever worn the same pair of underwear more than three days
Anyone who is drinking mead, take 2 drinks
What’s your biggest insecurity?
Take a drink if you are in half-body
Do you think #NAME would be a villain or a hero in a movie?
Anyone who is from Spain takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever pretended to wash my hands by turning the water on, just in case someone is listening
Anyone shorter than #NAME's avatar takes a drinks
What would #NAME's villain name be?
Cheers with #NAME in your own language
Never have I ever lost count of how many drinks I had
Tell everyone a funny story of your life, if you can't remember drink 2 
Ayone who has been banned from any game, take 3 drinks
Anyone who is from Finland takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever tried something I saw on Pinterest
If you share a similar letter in your name with #NAME, then take a drink
Never have I ever peeled a sunburn and enjoyed it
Everyone who had Unity crash on them takes a drink
If #NAME's username is 4 characters long, everyone drinks 2!
You and #NAME perform your best dance moves to top the table
Anyone who is on orange status, take 2 drinks
Youngest person in the room drinks
Have you ever been rejected by someone?
Never have I ever stayed up all night
All male avatars drink
Finish your drink
Do you think #NAME has ever muted a group chat and forgot about it?
Take 2 drinks together with #NAME
Everyone who has known #NAME for less than 1 year drinks 1
If you and #NAME both have the letter K in your name, you both drink 2
You are the president, you are allowed to add or remove 1 drink from any player once per full round
Never have I ever had a date with someone I met on an app
Everyone not representing the Quantum group drinks
Who are you jealous of?
Never have I ever used my cell phone while driving
If you are wearing full body, swap your feet trackers for 1 round
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with X
Pick a buddy, you both drink the amount you suggest
Never have I ever participated in a drinking competition
Never have I ever seen someone else naked in person
Do you think #NAME has ever read a message and waited a suspiciously long time to reply?
Everyone who has ever been starstruck by #NAME's avatar takes a drink
Everyone who is currently in a loli avatar drinks
Do you prefer dogs or cats?
You are sped up, speak fast till your next turn 
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in May
Never have I ever eaten Spam
What is your guilty pleasure?
If your parents hated your partner, what would you do?
Never have I ever had gum in my hair
What do you think about #NAME?
Tell a happy story to the group
Have you ever tried drugs?
Never have I ever drank pickle juice
Never have I ever owned an Xbox
All avatars with lights on them drink
Everyone who thinks #NAME is braver than they look drinks 1
Never have I ever bought a children's toy for myself, as an adult
Never have I ever made up my own cocktail
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 10k hours, drink 10
Guess what #NAME would like as a superpower, if you are correct give out 2 drinks
Never have I ever thought a fart smelled good
Drink with the person to your left and right
Tells everyone the most illegal thing you've done, everyone who's done worse drinks
Try to seduce #NAME
All guys drink
Oh no! You turned into a parrot, repeat everything the current spinning player is saying until your next turn
Would you share a toothbrush with your partner?
Who is most likely to get caught having sex in public?
All female avatars drink
Everyone who thinks #NAME has good music taste takes 1 drink
All avatars wearing thigh highs drink
You and the player opposite of you are now a couple, pretend for 2 rounds long you are in love with eachother
Change your status to: Put a leash on me
Anyone who has orange on their avatar drinks
Never have I ever been to a drive-in movie
Sample text, everyone dinks!
When was the first time you came?
Never have I ever refreshed over and over to see if I have any new messages
Do you write in a diary?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
All girls drink
Never have I ever licked a frozen pole
Challenge someone to emptying a drink, loser drinks double on their next prompt
Tell #NAME your honest first impression of them
What have you lied to your partner about?
Never have I ever dated someone who was underage
Never have I ever watched the Ghostbusters remake
Never have I ever lied in a job interview
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
Never have I ever laughed so hard that I peed my pants
You decide, would #NAME or #NAME survive a horror movie? Explain why
What do you think #NAME would be great at?
Who is most likely to go on Love Island?
Never have I ever fallen asleep and woken up somewhere else
Do you like telling someone what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
If #NAME's username is 8 characters long, everyone drinks 2!
If #NAME has ever rehearsed a conversation in their head before having it, they drink 1.
Do you think #NAME or #NAME has had more drinks tonight?
Who is most likely to become a CEO?
404: drink 4
Never have I ever gently whispered in someone's ear
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Anyone who is from Norway takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever accidentally pooped my pants
What is the most times you've touched yourself in one day?
Never have I ever been terrified of a theme park ride
What "as seen on TV" product do you secretly want to buy?
Who is most likely to get a divorce?
What's your most shallow reason for not going on a second date?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
Would you ever get into a long-distance relationship?
Never have I ever littered
Give 1 drink if you think you could beat #NAME in an argument
Never have I ever eaten butter by itself
You and #NAME have to do a 20 second improvised advertisement for a random object
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather take on a trip around the world?
If #NAME has ever eaten cereal without milk on purpose, they drink 1.
What movie could you watch over and over again?
Who is most likely to eat something off the ground?
Who is most likely to marry someone they just met?
Tell the Player to your right how much you love them.
Blow someone a kiss, they take a drink
Never have I ever gone into the wrong restroom
Stand in T-pose for 1 round
You and #NAME both say what single object best represents the other's personality
Do you prefer hamburgers or hot dogs?
Tell everyone about your biggest pet peeve
Never have I ever made an impulse purchase online while drunk
Never have I ever stayed friends with an ex
You and #NAME share 8 drinks, however you freely decide how to split them
If #NAME's username is 6 characters long, everyone drinks 2!
Do you have any silly nicknames?
What would you do if your best friend told you that they liked your crush?
Anyone who has ever broken up with someone over text drinks 3
Who is most likely to shoplift?
All Booth models drink
Do you prefer The Simpsons or Family Guy?
Give someone your best pickup line
Never have I ever said a toast
If you had to go skinny dipping with someone, who in this room would you choose?
If you and #NAME both have the letter A in your name, you both drink 2
Do you prefer traveling by car or plane?
If your avatar can do a backflip, give 2 drinks
Never have I ever been the designated driver
Do you prefer baseball or football?
The person across of you drinks
Anyone who has numbers in their name drinks
Anyone taller than you drinks
Do you prefer a theme park or water park?
Never have I ever given money to a homeless person
Do you prefer a wallet or money clip?
Have you ever stuck gum under a desk?
Never have I ever ran a red light
Have you ever smoked?
Drink 4 if you like Android over Apple
Never have I ever built a fort with blankets
Give #NAME a short villain origin story
Everyone who has ever been talked into something dumb by #NAME drinks 1
Choose if you want spin again, but drinks for the next prompt are double
Switch into a default VRchat avatar for 1 round
If you and #NAME have never met before tonight, cheers and take a drink together
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
Never have I ever worn someone else’s underwear
#NAME picks, make either you or #NAME drink 4, or split it up and give 2 to each
Who is most likely to laugh in a serious moment?
What are you drinking? Share a drink with everyone drinking the same
Never have I ever arrived somewhere late and had everyone stare at me
Quack after every sentence
Perform a jump IRL at the same time as in VR
If you and #NAME both have the letter E in your name, you both drink 2
Make a random animal sound, first one to guess it can give a drink
Never have I ever been sent to the principal's office
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit?
Silently judge #NAME for 10 seconds
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Never have I ever done it in a public place
Anyone who is from Japan takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever had a full-body massage
Drink for each VR headset you have owned
Never have I ever snuck into a club
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in October
Give 3 drinks to either #NAME or #NAME
When did you last go solo?
Take drinks with both of your hands for 1 round
Everyone who has known #NAME for more than 4 year drinks 5
Give a kiss to #NAME
#NAME picks a dare for you, if you refuse to do it you both take 4 drinks
Everyone who has a 5 in their age drinks
Never have I ever made a fake social media account
If I looked in your nightstand, what would I find?
Switch places with #NAME
Never have I ever been drunk at a restaurant
Drink 2 if you currently are or are a learned Electrician
What was the last lie you told #NAME?
Anyone who is sluring their words, they drinks some water
Everyone who has a 3 in their age drinks
Introduce #NAME and #NAME to each other as if they have never met
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Never have I ever spit out gum onto the ground
Drink if you've ever dressed up as a maid
If you and #NAME both have a male avatar, you both drink
Do your best impression of a evil german scientist
Anyone who is drinking whiskey, take 2 drinks
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
If the world creator is playing the game, cheers and take 2 drinks
You and the player opposite of you are now rivals, always drink 1 more then the other one has to
Never have I ever crashed a party or wedding
Never have I ever seen snow
Take a drink and spin again
Who do you want to make out with the most in this room?
If you could swap bodies with #NAME for one day, what would be the first thing that you’d do?
Never have I ever put ice cubes in my milk and cereal
Anyone who has made a public world drinks
Never have I ever eaten food while still standing with the fridge door open
Anyone who has ever set multiple alarms and ignored all of them takes 2 drinks
Have you ever watched memes with #NAME?
Never have I ever tried baby food
Everyone drinks 1 for each ex they have
Never have I ever eaten my nose boogers
What is the worst food you have ever tasted?
Start a whirlpool: everyone keeps drinking as long as you drink
Do you think #NAME has ever cried because a game?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 6k hours, drink 6
Never have I ever eaten something cold because I was too lazy to heat it up
Do you prefer Nintendo or Sega?
Shortest username drinks
Everyone takes as much drinks as continents they have been to
Never have I ever sent a dirty text to the wrong person
Never have I ever danced on a table or bar
If #NAME's username is 9 characters long, everyone drinks 2!
Never have I ever been arrested
Anyone who is from Luxembourg takes 2 drinks
Who is most likely to get thrown out of the club?
Never have I ever had a baby spit up on me
Never have I ever cried at school
Anyone who is from Italy takes 2 drinks
Respawn or drink 5!
Anyone who is drinking sake, take 2 drinks
Tell a lewd story to the group
If your partner hated your best friend, what would you do?
Guess if #NAME and #NAME are drinking the same or not, if you are correct give out 4 drinks
Everyone who has known #NAME for more than 2 year drinks 3
Never have I ever skipped a movie to make out in the parking lot instead
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
Anyone who is on red status, take 3 drinks
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 4k hours, drink 4
Rate #NAME's personality on a scale from 1 to 10
Never have I ever called the wrong person, then pretended I meant to call them
Ask #NAME one thing you genuinely don't understand about them
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it?
What is your favorite alcoholic drink?
Never have I ever locked my keys in my car
Pick 2 people, they both finish half their drink
What's your biggest turn-on?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with E
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
Do you prefer Marvel or DC?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
Guess #NAME's most used app, if you are correct you give out 3 drinks
What is the weirdest action you have done while you’re drunk?
Never have I ever bought clothing online
If you and #NAME both have the letter J in your name, you both drink 2
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Do you have a crush on someone around you?
Never have I ever had a threesome
Never have I ever faked being sick so I could play video games
What are you afraid of?
All avatars wearing glasses drink
If you switched genders for the day, what would you do?
Who is most likely to keep a secret?
Never have I ever bought myself a Happy Meal
Never have I ever been to a haunted house
Who is most likely to break their phone the first day they get it?
Never have I ever had such bad diarrhea that I didn't make it to the bathroom in time
Speak only in questions until your next turn
Never have I ever sent a nude picture
Who is most likely to become a millionaire?
Never have I ever been to a sleepover
Who is most likely to never get married?
Change your status to: Please spank me
Do you think #NAME gets away with everything?
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think will pass out earlier tonight? They take 2 drinks
Have you ever received a nude selfie?
Take as much drinks as there are people playing, divided by 2
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Never have I ever vomited in public
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
You and #NAME both reveal the most embarrassing thing in your camera roll
Anyone who is from Slovakia takes 2 drinks
If you ever gotten "water" damage on your VR gear, take a drink
Never have I ever played beer pong
Would you ask #NAME to help you in an embracing situation if that was your only option?
Are you still a virgin?
Who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
When was your first kiss?
Never have I ever slept in regular clothing
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
If you and #NAME are not from the same country, you both drink
Everyone who has a 0 in their age drinks
Who is most likely to lock themselves out of their own home?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Anyone who has ever puked from alcohol take a drink
Do you prefer a guitar or piano?
Never have I ever shared passwords to services so family or friends didn't have to pay
Take 1 drink together with #NAME
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in February
Never have I ever stolen money from someone
Would you throw #NAME into lava for a million dollars?
Have you ever gotten caught doing something you shouldn’t?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Q
Punch or headpat #NAME
Never have I ever destroyed a public bathroom
Never have I ever been inside of a library
Never have I ever made a wish at a fountain
If you and #NAME both have the letter R in your name, you both drink 2
Pick someone to do a pure shot
Drink with the 3 people across from you
Never have I ever seen an elephant in real life
Never have I ever missed a high five
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with C
Everyone who has ever put someone to sleep in VRchat gives a dink
Take 5 drinks
Do you find #NAME's avatar attractive?
You and #NAME share 8 drinks, however they freely decide how to split them
Never have I ever cut someone in line
Everyone who has their Discord in the bio drinks
You have to include a "meow" in every sentence you make for 1 round
Make either #NAME or #NAME drink 4, or split it up and give 2 to both of them
Who is most likely to spend all their money on something stupid?
When you were eight years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?
All avatars with a tail drink
Never have I ever re-gifted a gift card
Everyone who played VRchat for less than 1k hours, give a drink
Do you prefer T-shirt or button-up?
Everyone who has ever been denied takes a drink
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind
Never have I ever seen Titanic
Change your status to: Finally got it
Justify your most-used app in 30 seconds
Take a drink if you are mostly attracted to people younger than you
If you and #NAME both have the letter B in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever owned a watch
Do you think #NAME has ever changed their mind about something they were very sure of?
Never have I ever been hungover
Never have I ever left a drunk voicemail
Do you think #NAME has ever put on lipstick?
Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender?
Everyone takes 1 drink for each Lovense toy they own
Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
Do you prefer fireplaces or fire pits?
Confesses something to #NAME that you've been meaning to say, either silly or sincere
The person after you picks how much you drink, they drink half that before they spin
Anyone who has made a public avatar drinks
Describe your last dream, if it was weird everyone drinks 1
Never have I ever drunkenly posted something online that I wished I hadn't
Never have I ever read a single Harry Potter book
Everyone who has known #NAME for more than 3 year drinks 4
Give #NAME a made-up award from tonight, if the group thinks it fits they dink 2
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with B
What is your last nightmare?
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
Never have I ever tried a banana and mayonnaise sandwich
Never have I ever eaten from someone else's plate when they weren't looking
If you have ever pretended to know a movie you hadn't seen, take 2 drinks
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in March
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with R
Change your status to: Let me lick your finger
Never have I ever tried to flee the cops
Never have I ever been to an adult store
Never have I ever named a stuffed animal
Never have I ever met a celebrity
What do you like and hate about #NAME?
Anyone who is on green status, give 1 drink
Never have I ever sang in the shower
Change your status to: I managed to do it
You and #NAME both take 1 drink and then say something nice about each other, sarcastically
What's something you wish you didn’t know?
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in August
Pick a buddy, you both drink the amount they suggest
If your drink is less than half full, empty it
Have you ever done anything illegal?
Never have I ever peeked at someone in the shower
What do you think #NAME is irrationally protective of?
If your avatar is shorter than #NAME's avatar, give out 2 drinks
Take 1 drink, give 1 drink
Everyone fills up their drink again
Never have I ever had a crush on a teacher
Never have I ever drank liquor straight from the bottle
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
Do you prefer summer or winter?
Everyone who has a 6 in their age drinks
If you have ever felt called out by a horoscope, take 1 drink
Give 2 drinks to either #NAME or #NAME
Anyone who is drinking wine, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever dated more than one person at once
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
Never have I ever used a baby spoon to eat ice cream so it would last longer
Everyone who thinks #NAME would make a good therapist drinks 1
Everyone who has ever fallen asleep in VRchat takes a drink
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think it smaller IRL? They take 2 drinks
Do you think #NAME believes in superstitions?
Anyone who is drinking moonshine, take 2 drinks
Who is most likely to give someone a fake phone number?
Take a drink if you are in desktop
Never have I ever scared myself in a mirror
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think has a more heavy avatar? They take 2 drinks
Pick 1 person who will not join in the group drink
Do you want to have kids?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
Do you prefer books or Kindle?
Everyone who has a 2 in their age drinks
If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
All inanimate avatars drink
Never have I ever peed in the sink
Never have I ever had a one-night stand
Everyone who has learned something from #NAME drinks 1
Never have I ever smiled at someone when I realized I wasn't listening to what they were saying
Anyone who is from United Kingdom takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Austria takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever thrown something at a moving car
Never have I ever had a weird nickname
Never have I ever just looked at myself naked in the mirror
If you and #NAME both have the letter W in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever thought about what type of dog I would be
If #NAME's username is 3 characters long, everyone drinks 2!
Never have I ever had a favorite sex toy
Never have I ever made out with someone in a hot tub
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
Have you ever had lice?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
If you and #NAME both have the letter F in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever drank before reaching your country's legal age
Who is most likely to take a week to reply to a text?
If you and #NAME both have the letter L in your name, you both drink 2
Do you prefer electric light or natural light?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Tell #NAME what you would order for them at a restaurant
Do you prefer Xbox or PlayStation?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
Never have I ever played hard to get
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather live with?
Have you ever been in a "friends with benefits" situation?
Anyone who has ever been called a nickname by #NAME takes a drink
Would you go to a nude beach?
Have you ever fallen asleep in the same world as #NAME?
Never have I ever dated someone through a dating app
Tell #NAME what you think makes them stand out from everyone else here
Do you prefer one-on-one or the more the merrier?
Tell 2 truths and 1 lie
What's the hottest thing someone’s ever done to you?
Never have I ever popped someone else's pimple
Never have I ever texted someone I didn't mean to when I was tipsy
Never have I ever flown in a helicopter
Never have I ever played strip poker
Behave like a NPC till your next Turn
Have you ever shared your friend's secret with someone else?
#NAME picks a challenge that you and #NAME have to do, the looser drinks 2
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think it is a bigger degenerate? They take 5 drinks
If you and #NAME both have the letter N in your name, you both drink 2
Do you prefer Spongebob or Patrick?
If you could swap bodies with #NAME for one day, would you?
Never have I ever thought a cartoon character was hot
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 7k hours, drink 7
Never have I ever been drunk in public
Who is most likely to cancel plans at the last moment?
Never have I ever salted watermelon
Do you prefer drawing or painting?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with P
Never have I ever snuck out of the house
#NAME takes up to 8 drinks, you take half (rounded down)
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with F
Never have I ever performed in a talent show
Anyone who does not have a public world drinks
Never have I ever sat in the shower
Never have I ever broken in somewhere
How many partners have you had?
Everyone who has ever been a Knuckles avatar takes 2 drinks
Anyone who has ever started a project and never finished it takes a drink
Change your status to: Looking for a playmate
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 1k hours, drink 1
Never have I ever broken a piece of furniture by sitting on it
Never have I ever jumped out of a plane
Do you prefer Coca Cola or Pepsi?
Never have I ever stalked a crush
Who is most likely to have their own reality show?
Give #NAME headpats
Anyone who is drinking port wine, take 2 drinks
Sit on the lap of #NAME for 1 round
You are the bishop, you can bless a single player every full round, it removes a drink if they have to drink more then 1
Never have I ever had a hickey
Say what fictional villain #NAME would relate the most to
How would you describe/explain this game to someone who had never heard of it?
Would you break up with your partner for 1 million?
Never have I ever cleaned out the fridge and found food over a year old
You and #NAME swap drink penalties for 1 round
Never have I ever shoplifted from a store
What is your favorite soda?
Never have I ever crossed state lines to buy better fireworks
Do you ever lick your plate after dinner?
Have you ever stayed up way too late together with #NAME?
Who is most likely to join a cult?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift?
Anyone who has ever texted something to the wrong person takes a drink
Whisper something weird in #NAME's ear, afterwards they take a drink
Never have I ever had to be carried to bed
Who here are you most jealous of?
Never have I ever stolen Wi-Fi from an unsecured network
Who here is the most likely to do anything with their life?
Change your status to: It should've been me..
Give all of your drinks to #NAME for 1 round
Anyone who has yellow on their avatar drinks
All avatars that are NSFW drink
Between #NAME and #NAME, who has left a bigger impression on you?
Physically spin around on the table 10 times
Everyone who has ever made a screenshot of a conversation, takes 1 drink
Would you pick wither #NAME or #NAME to join your trivia team?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with V
Have you ever stared at #NAME's butt?
Decide who between #NAME and #NAME is more likely to be right about something
Never have I ever burnt my mouth willingly because I was too hungry to wait
Never have I ever toured a brewery
Never have I ever been a friend with benefits
Never have I ever blamed farts on an animal
Perform 10 squats on the table
Never have I ever not tipped at a restaurant
Never have I ever peed in the pool
Never have I ever jumped a fence
Would you go out with an older person?
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2019 take 2 drinks
Everyone who thinks #NAME would survive in the wilderness alone takes a drink
What do you think #NAME's biggest flaw is?
If you had to flash just one person in this room, who would it be?
Reveal the last channel you watched on YouTube, if #NAME know it they dink
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would be the easiest to convince to do something extremely stupid?
Drink if you've ever been banned from VRChat
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with S
If you and #NAME both have the letter P in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever learned how to play a musical instrument
What's your ultimate sexual fantasy?
Never have I ever drank at a bar
Guess someones drink, if you right they have to take a shot, if you wrong you take a drink 
Give someone your worst pickup line
Everyone who has a 9 in their age drinks
What is your favorite "special" toy?
Between #NAME, #NAME and #NAME, who would be hardest to live with?
Perform a short twerk session on top of the table
How far would you go on a first date?
Anyone who has red on their avatar drinks
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Z
Never have I ever gotten poop on my hand
Everyone who has a 4 in their age drinks
Describe what makes someone husband or wife material.
Who is most likely to cut their own hair?
Never have I ever had a stranger buy me a drink
All avatars with emission on them drink
Blondes, brunettes or redheads?
Who is most likely to sleep with a friend's family member?
Everyone who believes #NAME could start a religion takes a drink
Never have I ever been on stage in front of a crowd
Never have I ever been pulled over by the police
Never have I ever sent a sexy photo to a friend
Never have I ever done an Easter egg hunt
If you ever watched an entire season of a series with #NAME, you both take 4 drinks
Never have I ever Googled something so I'd know how to spell it
Take 1 drink, give 2 drinks
Do you pee in the shower?
Never have I ever sung karaoke
Never have I ever dine and dashed
Drink the amount #NAME tells you to (max. 8)
Pick 1 person to take a drink with you
If you have ever received a spicy DM from #NAME, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever used medicine that was prescribed to me
Do you find #NAME's personality attractive?
Take a drink, gargle it in your mouth and than swallow it
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 9k hours, drink 9
Take a drink if you are mostly attracted to people older than you
Have you ever gone to school/work late due to oversleeping?
If you and #NAME both have the letter X in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever had a crush on a friend's sibling
Anyone taller than #NAME's avatar takes a drinks
Do you prefer store-bought gifts or handmade?
Never have I ever tasted dog or cat food
Do you think #NAME has ever Googled themselves?
Tell #NAME which iconic duo from fiction you two would be
Who is most likely to commit a crime?
You are a salesperson, try to sell a player of your choice your used socks
Describe #NAME's in 3 words, they drink 1 for each one that matches
Never have I ever been to a wine tasting
For 1 round, you have to swap the names of #NAME and #NAME when you address them
Anyone who has ever eaten a meal standing over the sink takes a drink
Play rock paper scissors with someone, winner gives a dink
Tell a joke, if nobody laughs you take a drink
Do you have hidden piercings or tattoos?
You, #NAME and #NAME take a triforce buddy drink!
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in September
What is one thing you are worse at than you pretend to be?
Never have I ever pretended to know a stranger
Everyone representing the Quantum group drinks
Take 2 drinks
Anyone who is drinking tequila, take 2 drinks
All avatars with a follower/pet drink
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in July
If #NAME has been a meme within the group, everyone takes a drink
Never have I ever made a duck face when taking a selfie
Everyone who would trust #NAME with a secret raises their drink and takes a sip
Never have I ever sang on a stage
If your avatar is bellow 20Mb of texture memory, give 4 drinks
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with K
Never have I ever had someone walk in on me in the bathroom
Never have I ever practiced public speaking in the mirror
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with D
Never have I ever been in handcuffs
Have you ever wanted to cheat on your partner?
You and #NAME both guess the other's hidden talent
Would you have sexy time with #NAME?
Do you prefer flip flops or sneakers?
Rank #NAME, #NAME and #NAME by chaotic energy
You and #NAME answer: would you rather be famous or anonymous? If it is the same, drink together
Tell #NAME a compliment about their voice or their username
Anyone who has white on their avatar drinks
Have you ever donated money to charity?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with J
Never have I ever pretended to like a wine to look classier
Do you prefer matching or mismatched socks?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something?
Who is most likely to accidentally poison someone with terrible cooking?
Have you ever slept with someone of the same gender?
Do you prefer art festivals or music festivals?
Never have I ever had a bedroom injury
Never have I ever returned an item I used or clothing I wore
Never have I ever flirted with someone more than 10 years older than me
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think it is a bigger crybaby? They take 2 drinks
Never have I ever had a cheesy pick-up line work on me
Tell the player to your left what you think of them
What has been the most expensive ticket you've ever gotten?
What was your first job?
Tell #NAME what you think their best quality is
Never have I ever shotgunned a beer
Never have I ever walked in on someone in the bathroom
Who is most likely to win the Nobel Prize?
If your drink is cold, give 1 drink
Never have I ever ridden a skateboard
Take drinks with your non-dominant hand for 1 round
Who is most likely to forget their best friend's birthday?
Anyone who is from Australia takes 2 drinks
What is your favorite season?
Who is most likely to cry whilst watching a sad movie?
Take 2 dinks if you've ever had a dream with #NAME in it
Have you ever broke a bone?
Take a drink if you are in full-body
If you have ever rage-quit a game take 2 drinks, 4 if it was VRchat
Never have I ever creeped on someone I just met on social media
Never have I ever changed a diaper
Drink the amount the group decides together
Do you prefer Disney World or Universal?
What is the most times you've done it in one day?
Never have I ever screamed because of a bug
Never have I ever tried to do a keg stand
You and #NAME have to meow every time you both need to drink at the same time
Tea or Coffee? Drink 1 for each of either you had today
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Everyone who would follow #NAME into a haunted house drinks 1
Never have I ever gone commando
Everyone takes a drink if there are 2 people with the same avatar
If you and #NAME both have the letter I in your name, you both drink 2
Give #NAME a hug
Never have I ever passed a vehicle in a "no-passing" zone
Do you think #NAME would survive a zombie apocalypse?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 5k hours, drink 5
If you and #NAME are from the same country, you both drink
Drink 2 if you ever owned a Playstation 1
Never have I ever called the cops on someone
You have to roast #NAME in under 10 seconds, if you can't take 4 drinks
Anyone who is from Portugal takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever played on my phone, trying to look like I'm doing something important
Never have I ever had someone draw a caricature of me
If you and #NAME both have the letter D in your name, you both drink 2
Take 2 drinks, give 1 drink
What was your biggest sexual disappointment?
Anyone who has black on their avatar drinks
You and #NAME have to dance on #NAME
Grab a pen and draw a cat on the table
Do you prefer  traveling by train or bus?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with L
Have you ever sexted anyone?
Never have I ever worn the same jeans for a week without washing them
Never have I ever stayed up all night
Never have I ever taken a shot with no hands
Never have I ever worn sleepwear and pretended it was clothing
Teach #NAME how to pronounce a word in another language
What is the worst advice you have ever gotten from someone?
Have you ever done it at work?
Never have I ever Googled sex positions
Anyone who is from Brazil takes 2 drinks
Give a kiss on the cheek to the person to your right
Have you ever been to a strip club?
Never have I ever voted
Take 4 drinks
Anyone who is drinking cider, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever smuggled food into a movie theater
What is your biggest fear?
If #NAME's username is 7 characters long, everyone drinks 2!
Never have I ever farted in front of someone I liked
Everyone who had Blender crash on them takes a drink
Never have I ever made any naughty videos
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Never have I ever prank called the police
Anyone who is from Poland takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever tried a cheesy pick-up line on someone
Do you prefer Mansions or farmhouses?
Tell the group what you would do differently if you started VRChat over
What is your worst habit?
Never have I ever spent hours watching funny videos on YouTube
What is the worst advice you have ever given to someone?
Never have I ever lied to a police officer
Shortest avatar drinks
Ever had a briliant buisness idea? If no, come up with a random one!
Anyone who is from Czech Republic takes 2 drinks
Have you ever sent a nude selfie?
Who is most likely to fake their own death?
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Everyone drinks, except for you :(
Who is most likely to sleep with their ex?
You take up to 8 drinks, #NAME takes half (rounded down)
Never have I ever purchased sexy sleepwear
Give away 2 drinks
What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
How long was your longest relationship?
Never have I ever tried champagne
What is your favorite possession?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Y
Who do you think has the best chance of writing a bestselling book?
Keep a drink in your mouth, don't swallow it till the next person had their drink
What’s the grossest thing that you do when you’re alone?
Never have I ever killed ants with a magnifying glass
Accept a drink from #NAME and drink it as loudly as you can
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
When was the last time you got really angry?
Take a drink for each 10% you have left, if its less then 10% drink 2
Everyone who has a drivers licence drinks
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or makeup sex?
Never have I ever watched pimple-popping videos
What is one thing you are better at than you pretend to be?
Have you ever gotten detention or been suspended?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
Drink if your avatars gender does not match your own one
Have you ever gotten into a fight on school grounds?
Try to explain to someone in the game something by Quacking only
You can't say #NAME's and #NAME's name anymore for 1 round, take 1 drink for each fail
Do a trust fall with #NAME in VR, if they don't catch you take a drink in sadness
For the most A's in a username you need to drink 1 for each
Who is most likely to have a threesome?
If you and #NAME both have the letter G in your name, you both drink 2
Do you prefer skydiving or bungee jumping?
Describe your ideal Friday night in exactly 3 words, everyone takes 1 for each word they agree with
You and #NAME are now married for 1 round, do the same prompt as they receive
Give away 3 drinks
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Never have I ever been caught picking my nose
Have you ever been in love?
Tells everyone the weirdest thing you have ever been complimented on
Have you ever stalked your crush?
Tells everyone the most dramatic thing that has happened to you in VRChat
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Rhyme time, the person who messes up drinks
How many people have seen you naked in this room?
Have you ever pictured someone naked when talking to them?
Have you ever wanted to try on clothing of the opposite sex?
You and #NAME both name the most overrated thing about VRChat, if they match everyone drinks 2
Everyone who thinks #NAME could win a cooking show raises their hand
What’s the lamest thing you’ve Googled?
Do you prefer breakfast or no breakfast?
Have you ever been to a LARP event?
Do you best impression of #NAME
Everyone who has had Covid takes a drink
Never have I ever heard someone else doing it
Drink again if you drank something last turn
If #NAME's username is 5 characters long, everyone drinks 2!
All avatars wearing shoes drink
Name something illegal that you've done and regret
How often do you watch something naughty?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with H
Rock paper scissors with the player to your right, the Looser drinks 2
Have you ever taken a body shot?
What is the dumbest thing I’ve ever said?
Never have I ever gone more than a week without showering
Never have I ever watched children's cartoons I'm too old for
All avatars with AudioLink on them drink
What is the biggest deal-breaker for you?
Anyone who has green on their avatar drinks
Never have I ever recorded video of myself singing or dancing
Pick up to 4 people to take a drink with you
Who is most likely to stay up the longest tonight?
Never have I ever done it outside
Everyone votes: who among #NAME, #NAME and #NAME would be most likely start a cult?
Never have I ever winked or whistled at someone
What is the weirdest thing you’ve done in public?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
Never have I ever had a drop land on the toilet seat and not cleaned it off
You and #NAME respawn as soon as the next player spins, last one back drinks 4!
Never have I ever "cleaned up" by piling everything into a closet
Anyone who is from France takes 2 drinks
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
Do you prefer black coffee or cream and sugar?
Have you ever roleplayed?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with U
Anyone who is from Mexico takes 2 drinks
Who is most likely to have a wardrobe malfunction?
Do you prefer smoking or non-smoking?
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather go to dinner with?
Change your Status to: QUAAAAACCCCKKKK
Switch into your oldest uploaded avatar
If you are wearing the same avatar as #NAME or #NAME, take 2 drinks
Who is most likely to break a world record?
What is the most questionable purchase you've ever made
Which sexy time position do you like the most?
Never have I ever scored over 100 while bowling
Give someone in the room a kiss
Who in the room would you marry, fuck, kill?
Never have I ever had a relationship
Oldest person in the room drinks
Throw a D6, you drink the amount you roll
What is something you did that you feel really guilty about?
Never have I ever had a nightmare about zombies chasing me
Never have I ever tried a craft beer
Give away 4 drinks
Pick someone, you both do your best moan. The group decides who wins, loser finishes their drink
Never have I ever put candy on pizza
What is something that is absolutely off-limits in the bedroom?
Recite a part of "UwU what's this?" lyrics for the group
Never have I ever fantasized about someone else
Tell your honest opinion of #NAME's avatar
Everyone who would go on a road trip with #NAME drinks 1
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in December
Never have I ever tried to pass a silent fart, but it came out loud instead
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in June
If #NAME's username is under 7 characters long, take 2 drinks
Who is most likely to save up all their money and never spend it?
Which cartoon character do you have the biggest crush on?
Give a kiss on the cheek to the person to your left
Have you ever lied about your age?
Never have I ever fallen off a bike
Who is most likely to pass out tonight?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with A
Never have I ever been playful with whipped cream
What’s been on your mind lately?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Never have I ever made vodka gummy bears
Do you prefer spring or fall?
Everyone who has hue shift on their avatar drinks
Pick up to 2 people to take a drink with you
Everyone who would want #NAME at their birthday party drinks 1
Change your status to: Just shaved my legs
If your avatar is taller than #NAME's avatar, give out 2 drinks
Have you ever been to a nudist beach?
If you and #NAME both have the letter H in your name, you both drink 2
Perform a "roses are red" poem to someone
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you think #NAME or #NAME would be worse at keeping a secret?
Guess what #NAME is drinking, if you are correct give 4 drinks
Everyone takes 1 drink for each social media platform they are on
Rejoin the world or drink 10!
Have you ever kept a library book?
When was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2018 take 1 drink
You and #NAME are a team for the next prompt, spin again and you both drink the amount
What do you think that #NAME's most immature thing they still laugh at is?
Anyone who is drinking rum, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever had trouble sleeping after watching a scary movie
Anyone who has ever eavesdropped on a conversation takes 2 drinks
What would you do if you found out your partner liked someone else?
Never have I ever had diarrhea at a friend's house
If you and #NAME both have the letter S in your name, you both drink 2
All avatars with animal ears drink
Who’s your favorite family member?
Propose to every player that has quacked in the last round
Kneel before #NAME
Do you sing in the shower?
Pick someone to sit on your lap for 1 round
Everyone who has ever matched #NAME's energy drinks 1
Never have I ever given myself a bad haircut
Never have I ever forgotten the punchline of a joke
Do you think #NAME is more funny then #NAME?
Have you ever failed a class?
Do you want to get married one day?
Give a drink and spin again
What do you think of #NAME's sleep schedule?
Never have I ever tried moonshine
Anyone who is from Sweden takes 2 drinks
Do you prefer chicken nuggets or chicken fingers?
You, #NAME and #NAME all reveal something weird they have in their room
Who is most likely to puke tonight?
Drink 2 if you ever binged a entire anime season
Never have I ever been on a blind date
Do a Fortnite dance for 5 seconds
If you and #NAME both have a female avatar, you both drink
#NAME takes 1 drink, #NAME takes 2 drinks and #NAME takes 3 drinks!
Never have I ever had a Jell-O shot
Find something you and #NAME have in common, everyone else who has the same takes a drinks
Do you prefer tattoos or piercings?
Take a pure shot
Have you ever flashed someone?
Everyone who thinks #NAME would win a roast battle against #NAME takes a drink
Never have I ever driven without wearing a seatbelt
Tell the group what you would do with 1 million dollars in 20 seconds
What is one thing you used to be ashamed of, but aren't anymore?
Never have I ever picked stuff out of my belly button
Pick up to 3 people to take a drink with you
Give away 5 drinks
Never have I ever eaten something on a dare
Anyone who is drinking beer, take 2 drinks
Give 1 drink to either #NAME or #NAME
Never have I ever tried out to be an extra in a movie
Between you and #NAME, the youngest one takes 2 drinks
Does anyone from your family know that you play this game?
Everyone who would trust #NAME to plan a road trip drinks 1
You have transformed into Windows 7 Internet Explorer! Delay all your words by 1 second till your next turn
Who is most likely to get a terrible tattoo?
If you and #NAME both have the letter Y in your name, you both drink 2
What's the best thing to say to your friend that would be the worst thing to say to your crush?
Never have I ever been told I had bad breath
Never have I ever tried skinny dipping
Everyone who has a 7 in their age drinks
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think is more secretive?
Anyone who is drinking absinth, take 2 drinks
You and #NAME have to agree on one rule to add, for the rest of the game
#NAME drinks the amount you tell them (max. 8)
You win a trip and are allowed to bring two people, who do you pick?
Never have I ever secretly wished I were a wizard at Hogwarts
Whats the last porn/hentai you watched?
Never have I ever been on a family road trip
Anyone who has no numbers in their name dinks
Give #NAME a ridiculous nickname, it sticks for 1 round
Never have I ever been mini-golfing
Everyone who would describe #NAME as chaotic takes a drink
Never have I ever won a game of Scrabble
Never have I ever gotten into a fistfight
Do you prefer sweet or sour?
Tallest avatar drinks
Never have I ever dipped french fries into a milkshake
For 1 round, instead of saying #NAME's name, you have to say Milord / Milady
Never have I ever spent time in detention
Do you talk in your sleep?
If you and #NAME both have the letter T in your name, you both drink 2
Do you prefer Pringles or Lay's?
Never have I ever cheated on a test
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
Never have I ever sent a text to the wrong person
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather swap jobs with?
When was the last time they were genuinely proud of yourself?
Everyone who is in a relationship takes a drink
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Everyone who has been in a voice call with #NAME this week drinks 1
Perform a short lapdance to the player on your right
Take a drink if you ever pretended to finish with someone
Never have I ever had surgery
Have you ever pretended not to hear something or someone?
What is your favorite food of all time?
Never have I ever counted calories
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather swap avatars with?
You and #NAME choose together, take a pure shot or take 8 sips
Never have I ever had food stuck in my teeth all day
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2021 take 4 drinks
Grab a pen and draw a boat on the table
Have you ever written a love letter?
Anyone who has ever made a fake account for any reason takes 3 drinks
Do you prefer roses or sunflowers?
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2017 give 1 drink
Who in the room would be the best wing-man?
If #NAME's username is over 7 characters long, take 2 drinks
If #NAME has a tattoo in real life, you take 2 drinks
Never have I ever used handcuffs or something similar
Fill up your drink again
Give away 1 drink
If you and #NAME both have the letter M in your name, you both drink 2
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2020 take 3 drinks
#NAME picks a truth for you, if you refuse to awnser it you both take 4 drinks
What was your funniest sexual experience like?
You tell #NAME what role they would play in a heist and why
Anyone who is drinking vodka, take 2 drinks
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you sing karaoke with?
Never have I ever used the bathroom and not washed my hands
#NAME, #NAME and #NAME. Take 1 drink for each one that is not on your friends list
Do you prefer a zoo or aquarium?
Have you ever cheated on a Test and actually got a good Grade, without the Teacher noticeing you cheated ?
Give #NAME a compliment, if you can't think of one you drink 2
Choose two people to smack eachother
Awkwardly make eye contact with #NAME for 10 seconds right in front of them
Drink 1 if you have ever been genuinely surprised by something #NAME said
Never have I ever greeted someone I thought was someone else
Never have I ever used a fake ID
Has your partner ever embarrassed you?
Never have I ever had breakfast in bed
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
You are now drinking buddys with #NAME for 1 round!
Never have I ever slipped someone my phone number
Take 3 drinks together with #NAME
You're a wizard, Harry! Make a shot disappear inside of you
Would you swap lives with #NAME for a week?
Never have I ever bought lingerie
If you are wearing the same avatar as #NAME, you both drink 4
Never have I ever used a public restroom that had no toilet paper
Never have I ever tried a restaurant's food challenge
Everyone who has shared food or a drink with #NAME takes a drink
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in April
Everyone drinks that did not do so last turn
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather give a kiss?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Never have I ever stepped barefoot in dog poop
You turned into a robot, speak robotic untill your next turn
You are slowed down, speak slow till your next turn
If you and #NAME both have the letter V in your name, you both drink 2
Never have I ever had a dream about someone I liked
Anyone who is from Canada takes 2 drinks
Toggle off 1 piece of clothing, or drink 6
Anyone who is from United States takes 2 drinks
If you have ever blanked on #NAME's name, take 2 drinks
Have you ever peed in the pool?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
Never have I ever lost my swimwear bottoms
#NAME, #NAME and #NAME. Give out 1 drink for each one that is on your friends list
Between #NAME and #NAME, who would you rather go camping with?
Everyone takes 1 drink for each social media platform you are on
If you could choose between #NAME and #NAME, who would you save from certain death?
What's your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
Rate the person standing in front of you ;)
Everyone who is single takes a drink
If you have ever pretended to be asleep to avoid a conversation, drink 2
Ask #NAME one thing that you are are curious about
Never have I ever given a lap dance
Never have I ever reread an email immediately after sending it
How many people have you slept with?
Never have I ever daydreamed about donuts
Never have I ever flirted with a police officer in hopes of not getting a ticket
Never have I ever been out of the country
Never have I ever lied about staying after school and gone somewhere else
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with W
Who is most likely to lie to get a new job?
Give someone in the room a lick
If your crush told you they liked your best friend, what would you do?
Go sit on someones lap for 1 round
Take all the drinks from #NAME for 1 round
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 2k hours, drink 2
All furry avatars drink
Everyone takes a drink for each person that simps for them
When was the last time you cried?
You love to collect stamps, tell the player to your right how much you love collecting them
What do you think #NAME's biggest turn-on is?
Never have I ever used someone else’s toothbrush
Drink 2 if you think #NAME is hiding something right now
Anyone who is from Germany takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever had a deep-fried candy bar
Give #NAME one genuine life advice
What's the best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
Anyone smaller than you drinks
What is the most embarrassing moment in your life?
Never have I ever had a friend with benefits
Confesses the most petty thing you've done and are not sorry about
Never have I ever broke up with someone while drunk
Never have I ever downloaded music illegally
If Everyone who has ever immediately regretted saying something out loud, drink 2
Between #NAME and #NAME, who do you think has more rizz? They take 2 drinks
Do you prefer eBay or Amazon?
Never have I ever made a gross smoothie
Do you prefer mashed potatoes or baked potatoes?
Would you call #NAME or #NAME at 3AM? That person takes a drinks
Never have I ever tried pickles with peanut butter
Never have I ever done a pub crawl
If you have ever send a spicy DM to #NAME, take 2 drinks
Do you prefer dyed hair or natural colors?
All Gumroad models drink
Everyone who has ever wanted to tell #NAME something but didn't drinks 1
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in November
You and #NAME give a joint toast to someone not in the room and then take a drink
Do you prefer sushi or smoked fish?
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
Where do you think the Blender cube goes after it gets deleted?
Never have I ever been to Disney World
Everyone who drives on the "right" side of the road drinks ;)
Take drinks with only 1 hand for 1 round
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with N
Never have I ever accidentally eaten a bug
Is there anything about your life you would change?
Perform 10 crunches on the table
Never have I ever walked around with my zipper down
Never have I ever shot a gun
Never have I ever had a one night stand
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
Who is most likely to be late for everything?
Drink 1 if you think #NAME would not survive a reality TV show
What do you think that #NAME's most toxic habit is?
If you and #NAME both have the letter O in your name, you both drink 2
You have to include a "over" in every sentence you make for 1 round
Tell the group the most useless thing you know how to do
Every time someone gives you a drink, take a additional one
Drink some water :)
Go around the room and say one positive and one negative thing about each person