Have you ever gotten detention or been suspended?
Drink 2 if you ever owned a Playstation 1
What "as seen on TV" product do you secretly want to buy?
Who is most likely to cut their own hair?
Never have I ever lied about my age
Who’s your favorite family member?
Never have I ever passed second base
Never have I ever worn the same jeans for a week without washing them
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with A
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with D
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
Finish half of your drink
Everyone drinks 1 for each ex they have
Never have I ever sung karaoke
Give someone your worst pickup line
Anyone who is drinking gin, take 2 drinks
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 5k hours, drink 5
Never have I ever watched a movie because I knew it had nudity
Never have I ever smiled at someone when I realized I wasn't listening to what they were saying
Never have I ever had trouble sleeping after watching a scary movie
What's your biggest turn-on?
Never have I ever ran a red light
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2018 take 1 drink
Never have I ever stayed up all night
Choose two people to smack eachother
Never have I ever seen an elephant in real life
Everyone who has ever been a Knuckles avatar takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever thought a cartoon character was hot
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Y
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with K
Tell the Player to your right how much you love them.
Never have I ever been scared of the dark
Have you ever wanted to cheat on your partner?
Drink for each VR headset you have owned
Never have I ever danced on a table or bar
Never have I ever had food stuck in my teeth all day
Anyone who has numbers in their name drinks
You and the player opposite of you are now a couple, pretend for 2 rounds long you are in love with eachother
Quack after every sentence
Never have I ever used a baby spoon to eat ice cream so it would last longer
Never have I ever returned an item I used or clothing I wore
Never have I ever tried a cheesy pick-up line on someone
Tell everyone a funny story of your life, if you can't remember drink 2 
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Q
Never have I ever used my cell phone while driving
Never have I ever owned a watch
Never have I ever walked around with my zipper down
Never have I ever been the drunkest person at the party
Do you pee in the shower?
Do you prefer electric light or natural light?
Never have I ever snuck out of the house
Never have I ever been terrified of a theme park ride
Pick someone, you both do your best moan. The group decides who wins, loser finishes their drink
What's your ultimate sexual fantasy?
Have you ever smoked?
Never have I ever tried to do a keg stand
Anyone who has yellow on their avatar drinks
Never have I ever thrown up after seeing someone else throw up
Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Do you prefer roses or sunflowers?
Everyone takes a drink if there are 2 people with the same avatar
Never have I ever done it outside
Take a drink if you are in full-body
Never have I ever licked a coin
Is your birhday this month? Give out 5 dirinks!
Do you have any silly nicknames?
Never have I ever licked a frozen pole
Never have I ever had gum in my hair
Never have I ever skipped a movie to make out in the parking lot instead
Never have I ever done a body shot
Everyone who has ever spend more than 50 euro on a Gacha game drink
When was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
Do you want to have kids?
Never have I ever been drunk in public
Have you ever stalked your crush?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Never have I ever been hungover
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
Choose if you want spin again, but drinks for the next prompt are double
Never have I ever tasted dog or cat food
Everyone who has a 8 in their age drinks
Never have I ever won a game of Scrabble
Never have I ever dressed as the opposite sex
Give someone in the room a lick
You have to include a "meow" in every sentence you make for 1 round
Pick a buddy, you both drink the amount you suggest
Never have I ever been to a drive-in movie
Who is most likely to puke tonight?
Have you ever donated money to charity?
The person to your left and right drink
Never have I ever let dirty dishes sit in the sink for over a week
Everyone who played VRchat for less than 1k hours, give a drink
Anyone who is from United States takes 2 drinks
Are you still a virgin?
What is the biggest deal-breaker for you?
Do you prefer traveling by car or plane?
Do you want to get married one day?
Change your Status to: QUAAAAACCCCKKKK
What's the hottest thing someone’s ever done to you?
Never have I ever tried a craft beer
Never have I ever laughed so hard that I peed my pants
Who here are you most jealous of?
Never have I ever dated someone through a dating app
Anyone who is drinking tequila, take 2 drinks
Have you ever cursed at your parents?
Never have I ever been mini-golfing
Anyone who is from Slovakia takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever vomited in public
Do you prefer barbecue or oven?
You are slowed down, speak slow till your next turn
What is your favorite fruit?
Never have I ever given myself a bad haircut
Who is most likely to give their kid an unusual (terrible) name?
Everyone who is in a relationship takes a drink
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
Never have I ever peed in the sink
Never have I ever had a threesome
Never have I ever played on my phone, trying to look like I'm doing something important
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in March
Anyone who has red on their avatar drinks
Change your status to: I managed to do it
Do you have a crush on someone around you?
Who is most likely to become a millionaire?
You turned into a robot, speak robotic untill your next turn
Who is most likely to get lost in their own hometown?
Rate the person standing in front of you ;)
Never have I ever seen someone else naked in person
Never have I ever slipped someone my phone number
Never have I ever given a lap dance
Never have I ever smelled clothing to see if they were too dirty to wear again
Who is most likely to be the first one at the mic at karaoke?
All the boomers take a drink
Who is most likely to be late for everything?
Never have I ever pretended to laugh at a joke I didn't get
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in April
Never have I ever used the bathroom and not washed my hands
Do you prefer Pringles or Lay's?
Tea or Coffee? Drink 1 for each of either you had today
Never have I ever seen Titanic
Never have I ever done a pub crawl
Never have I ever eaten butter by itself
Never have I ever pretended to know a stranger
Everyone who has a 1 in their age drinks
Never have I ever been drunk at a restaurant
Never have I ever had someone walk in on me in the bathroom
Never have I ever scored over 100 while bowling
If your avatar can do a backflip, give 2 drinks
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with S
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in August
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
Switch places with someone
Anyone who is from Italy takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever been inside of a library
Do you prefer smoking or non-smoking?
Never have I ever given someone a hickey
Everyone drinks, except for you :(
Anyone who started questioning their sexuality after playing VRchat drinks
Never have I ever texted someone I didn't mean to when I was tipsy
Anyone who is from Mexico takes 2 drinks
Everyone who is single takes a drink
Perform a short lapdance to the player on your right
Take 1 drink, give 1 drink
Take a drink for each 10% you have left, if its less then 10% drink 2
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 6k hours, drink 6
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
Never have I ever tried pickles with peanut butter
Never have I ever been to a sleepover
Never have I ever salted watermelon
Never have I ever drank at a bar
Anyone who is on red status, take 3 drinks
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with W
Give a kiss on the cheek to the person to your right
Do you sing in the shower?
If you could use telekinesis, what would you use it for?
Everyone who has a 4 in their age drinks
Never have I ever had a cheesy pick-up line work on me
Do you like a lot of foreplay?
What has been the most expensive ticket you've ever gotten?
What movie could you watch over and over again?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with L
What is the weirdest action you have done while you’re drunk?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Never have I ever tried wine in a box
Everyone who has a 6 in their age drinks
Never have I ever snuck into a club
Do you prefer bowling or putt-putt?
If you are wearing full body, swap your feet trackers for 1 round
All avatars with a tail drink
Are you turned on right now?
Never have I ever tripped in public
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with X
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Never have I ever broken in somewhere
Never have I ever heard someone else doing it
Never have I ever been on a family road trip
Never have I ever been to an adult store
Anyone who is from Finland takes 2 drinks
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with E
Never have I ever gone into the wrong restroom
Never have I ever had a crush on a friend's sibling
If you switched genders for the day, what would you do?
Give someone your best pickup line
If your avatar is over 100Mb of texture memory, take 4 drinks
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
Everyone who has had Covid takes a drink
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Take a drink if you are mostly attracted to people younger than you
Do you prefer fireplaces or fire pits?
404: drink 4
Never have I ever gotten into a fistfight
Never have I ever fallen off a bike
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Read out the last dirty DM you sent to someone
Never have I ever used a fake ID
Fill up your drink again
Everyone who has a drivers licence drinks
Do you prefer Disney World or Universal?
Have you ever sent a nude selfie?
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2017 give 1 drink
Never have I ever made any naughty videos
Never have I ever arrived somewhere late and had everyone stare at me
Oh no! You turned into a parrot, repeat everything the current spinning player is saying until your next turn
Tell a happy story to the group
What’s been on your mind lately?
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in October
Change your status to: Just shaved my legs
Have you ever been to a strip club?
If your drink is cold, give 1 drink
Who is most likely to forget their best friend's birthday?
Everyone who has done something lewd with someone in the room drinks
Give away 1 drink
All avatars with animal ears drink
If your crush told you they liked your best friend, what would you do?
Never have I ever been scared of clowns
Have you ever told a secret you were told to keep?
Everyone who had Unity crash on them takes a drink
When did you last go solo?
Perform a short twerk session on top of the table
Go around the room and say one positive and one negative thing about each person
When was your first kiss?
Anyone who is from Denmark takes 2 drinks
Do you prefer gas or electric stove?
If you ever gotten "water" damage on your VR gear, take a drink
Pick someone to do a pure shot
Never have I ever learned how to play a musical instrument
Do you prefer eBay or Amazon?
Never have I ever had a friend with benefits
Never have I ever sucked my thumb
Never have I ever tried a banana and mayonnaise sandwich
Never have I ever worn someone else’s underwear
Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
Drink 2 if you currently are or are a learned Electrician
Has your partner ever embarrassed you?
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in November
You love to collect stamps, tell the player to your right how much you love collecting them
Anyone who is from United Kingdom takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever stepped barefoot in dog poop
Would you go to a nude beach?
Never have I ever used a public restroom that had no toilet paper
Never have I ever built a fort with blankets
Pick 1 person who will not join in the group drink
Who here is the most likely to do anything with their life?
Everyone who has a 0 in their age drinks
Never have I ever cut someone in line
Have you ever gotten caught doing something you shouldn’t?
Do you prefer a zoo or aquarium?
Do you prefer a fan or air conditioner?
Do you prefer a theme park or water park?
Never have I ever been to a haunted house
Never have I ever reread an email immediately after sending it
Who is most likely to win the Nobel Prize?
Never have I ever killed ants with a magnifying glass
Never have I ever tried to pass a silent fart, but it came out loud instead
Drink 4 if you like Apple over Android
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2019 take 2 drinks
Never have I ever wiped my armpits with a towel instead of showering
Anyone who is drinking wine, take 2 drinks
Physically spin around on the table 10 times
Tallest avatar drinks
Never have I ever sent a dirty text to the wrong person
What's the best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
Who in the room would be the best wing-man?
Take 5 drinks
Everyone not representing the Quantum group drinks
How many partners have you had?
Do you prefer hamburgers or hot dogs?
Anyone who has made a public world drinks
Twerk for 5 seconds
What's something you wish you didn’t know?
Everyone who has a 2 in their age drinks
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2020 take 3 drinks
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
When was the first time you came?
Never have I ever scared myself in a mirror
What is something you did that you feel really guilty about?
Drink again if you drank something last turn
All avatars that are NSFW drink
Who is most likely to eat something off the ground?
Never have I ever thought about what type of dog I would be
Who is most likely to have a threesome?
Make a random animal sound, first one to guess it can give a drink
What was your funniest sexual experience like?
Never have I ever dated more than one person at once
Anyone who is from Brazil takes 2 drinks
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Never have I ever mistaken a man for a woman, or vice versa
Have you ever lied about your age?
Never have I ever littered
Never have I ever been to a wine tasting
Have you ever been in a "friends with benefits" situation?
Never have I ever thrown up in my mouth and swallowed it
All E-girl avatars drink
What is your favorite food of all time?
What is your favorite alcoholic drink?
Never have I ever sang on a stage
Never have I ever clogged a toilet
You're a wizard, Harry! Make a shot disappear inside of you
Never have I ever put ice cubes in my milk and cereal
Never have I ever practiced public speaking in the mirror
What would you do if your best friend told you that they liked your crush?
Never have I ever been out of the country
Anyone who is from Australia takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever eaten food while still standing with the fridge door open
Never have I ever made a fake social media account
Who is most likely to cancel plans at the last moment?
Who are you jealous of?
Everyone who has a 5 in their age drinks
Do you prefer riches or happiness?
What are you afraid of?
Who is most likely to take a week to reply to a text?
Tell a joke, if nobody laughs you take a drink
How long was your longest relationship?
Do you prefer Coca Cola or Pepsi?
Everyone who has ever been denied takes a drink
You can only whisper for 1 round
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
Never have I ever stolen Wi-Fi from an unsecured network
What is the most embarrassing moment in your life?
Anyone who is drinking rum, take 2 drinks
Take 1 drink, give 2 drinks
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
Never have I ever had a relationship
Anyone who is from Ireland takes 2 drinks
Switch into your lewdest avatar for 1 round
Rhyme time, the person who messes up drinks
Pick up to 4 people to take a drink with you
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
Have you ever broke a bone?
Who is most likely to become an influencer?
Who is most likely to shoplift?
Change your status to: I did an oopsie
Give someone in the room a kiss
Do you prefer a guitar or piano?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 9k hours, drink 9
Do you prefer black coffee or cream and sugar?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
Never have I ever had diarrhea at a friend's house
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
If I looked in your nightstand, what would I find?
Drink the amount the group decides together
Never have I ever tried something I saw on Pinterest
Never have I ever winked or whistled at someone
Do you prefer matching or mismatched socks?
Never have I ever had someone draw a caricature of me
If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this room, who would you pick?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
Never have I ever tried a restaurant's food challenge
Anyone who is on orange status, take 2 drinks
Do you prefer a carnival or the circus?
What are you drinking? Share a drink with everyone drinking the same
If you knew your friend's partner was cheating on them, what would you do?
What is your biggest fear?
Anyone who has black on their avatar drinks
Give a kiss on the cheek to the person to your left
Switch into your oldest uploaded avatar
Pick up to 3 people to take a drink with you
Never have I ever cried at school
What’s the lamest thing you’ve Googled?
All guys drink
Never have I ever changed a diaper
Have you ever been to a LARP event?
Anyone who is drinking port wine, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever used handcuffs or something similar
Never have I ever made a gross smoothie
Never have I ever shotgunned a beer
Who is most likely to have a wardrobe malfunction?
How many people have seen you naked in this room?
Rock paper scissors with the player to your right, the Looser drinks 2
Have you ever made someone cry?
Never have I ever cleaned out the fridge and found food over a year old
Never have I ever Googled my own name to see what comes up
Grab a pen and draw a boat on the table
Do you prefer Xbox or PlayStation?
Never have I ever played Candy Crush
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with F
Do you prefer T-shirt or button-up?
Never have I ever flirted with a police officer in hopes of not getting a ticket
Every time someone gives you a drink, take a additional one
Would you go out with an older person?
Never have I ever tried counting how many licks it took to get to the center of a popsicle
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
Have you ever shared your friend's secret with someone else?
Do you prefer flip flops or sneakers?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 4k hours, drink 4
Anyone who is drinking cider, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever lied to a police officer
Never have I ever jumped a fence
Never have I ever been arrested
Never have I ever made up my own cocktail
Have you ever done anything illegal?
Never have I ever Googled something so I'd know how to spell it
You win a trip and are allowed to bring two people, who do you pick?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
Anyone who is from Poland takes 2 drinks
Have you ever failed a class?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in January
Do you prefer dogs or cats?
Everyone takes 1 drink for each social media platform they are on
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
All Gumroad models drink
Who is most likely to pass out tonight?
Do you think you are a good kisser?
Jump off the world!
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with H
Never have I ever pretended to like a wine to look classier
Do you drool in your sleep?
Never have I ever called the wrong person, then pretended I meant to call them
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
Tell 2 truths and 1 lie
Never have I ever smuggled food into a movie theater
Never have I ever left a drunk voicemail
Take drinks with your non-dominant hand for 1 round
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
You and the player opposite of you are now rivals, always drink 1 more then the other one has to
Never have I ever performed in a talent show
If the world creator is playing the game, cheers and take 2 drinks
Who is most likely to never get married?
Never have I ever eaten something on a dare
Who is most likely to accidentally poison someone with terrible cooking?
Take a drink if you ever pretended to finish with someone
Do you sleep completely nude?
Never have I ever been to Disney World
Perform a "roses are red" poem to someone
Never have I ever lost sunglasses that I was already wearing
Have you ever been to a nudist beach?
Never have I ever drank pickle juice
Never have I ever lied about staying after school and gone somewhere else
Anyone who is drinking moonshine, take 2 drinks
Drink with the 3 people across from you
Who is most likely to go a week without a shower?
Take 4 drinks
Drink some water :)
When was the last time you cried?
Everyone who is sitting down takes 2 drinks
Who is most likely to save up all their money and never spend it?
What would you do if you found out your partner liked someone else?
Never have I ever lied to my parents about where I was going
Have you ever done it at work?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Who's the funniest in this room?
Never have I ever counted calories
Never have I ever peeled a sunburn and enjoyed it
Never have I ever gone more than a week without showering
Who is most likely to laugh in a serious moment?
Never have I ever tried to flee the cops
Never have I ever shoplifted from a store
Anyone who is drinking beer, take 2 drinks
You and the player opposite of you are married now, tell people about your honeymoon
Who is most likely to still own a Nokia 3310?
Never have I ever recorded video of myself singing or dancing
Never have I ever popped someone else's pimple
Do a Fortnite dance for 5 seconds
Anyone who is on green status, give 1 drink
Anyone who has ever broken up with someone over text drinks 3
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Stand in T-pose for 1 round
Do you prefer eggs or pancakes?
All E-boy avatars drink
Finish your drink
Never have I ever played hard to get
Everyone who drives on the "right" side of the road drinks ;)
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Never have I ever met a celebrity
Anyone who is from Austria takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Czech Republic takes 2 drinks
What's the best thing to say to your friend that would be the worst thing to say to your crush?
Never have I ever had a bedroom injury
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in May
Give a drink and spin again
Never have I ever shared passwords to services so family or friends didn't have to pay
Never have I ever gone commando
Do you prefer movie theaters or arcades?
Never have I ever watched children's cartoons I'm too old for
Keep a drink in your mouth, don't swallow it till the next person had their drink
Tell the player to your left what you think of them
Never have I ever had a crush on a teacher
Start a whirlpool: everyone keeps drinking as long as you drink
Never have I ever not tipped at a restaurant
Never have I ever re-gifted a gift card
Never have I ever been on stage in front of a crowd
Have you ever had lice?
Who is most likely to drop everything and travel the world?
Never have I ever lost count of how many drinks I had
Take a pure shot
Never have I ever played beer pong
Never have I ever been in handcuffs
Where do you think the Blender cube goes after it gets deleted?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 7k hours, drink 7
Never have I ever been sent to the principal's office
Drink 2 for every player you know the first name of
If your avatar is bellow 20Mb of texture memory, give 4 drinks
Who is most likely to sleep with their ex?
If you had to go skinny dipping with someone, who in this room would you choose?
Who do you want to make out with the most in this room?
Drink 2 if you ever binged a entire anime season
Is there anything about your life you would change?
Who is most likely to have a one night stand?
All female avatars drink
Pick 2 people to kiss eachother or make them drink 2
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Never have I ever slept in regular clothing
What is your guilty pleasure?
Anyone who has orange on their avatar drinks
Take drinks with both of your hands for 1 round
Never have I ever drank a flaming shot
Never have I ever said a toast
Would you break up with your partner for 1 million?
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
What’s the grossest thing that you do when you’re alone?
Take 3 drinks
What's your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
If your drink is less than half full, empty it
Never have I ever done an Easter egg hunt
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in July
Never have I ever dipped french fries into a milkshake
Anyone who is from Japan takes 2 drinks
All girls drink
Do you prefer skydiving or bungee jumping?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Z
Never have I ever bought a children's toy for myself, as an adult
Have you ever pictured someone naked when talking to them?
Never have I ever tried to impress a crush by seeming knowledgeable about things they liked
Take a drink if you are in half-body
Never have I ever watched the Ghostbusters remake
Who is most likely to join a cult?
Switch into a default VRchat avatar for 1 round
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with O
Everyone drinks that did not do so last turn
Never have I ever thought a movie was better than the book
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Never have I ever sang in the shower
Everyone who has a 3 in their age drinks
Perform 10 crunches on the table
Have you ever fallen out of bed in the middle of the night?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 3k hours, drink 3
You are the president, you are allowed to add or remove 1 drink from any player once per full round
Do you prefer store-bought gifts or handmade?
If your partner hated your best friend, what would you do?
Never have I ever been pulled over by the police
Do you prefer white or wheat bread?
Who is most likely to break their phone the first day they get it?
Toggle off 1 piece of clothing, or drink 6
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Tell a lewd story to the group
Shortest username drinks
Have you ever tried drugs?
Respawn or drink 5!
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Anyone who has purple on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has no numbers in their name dinks
Throw a D6, you drink the amount you roll
Never have I ever screamed because of a bug
Never have I ever refreshed over and over to see if I have any new messages
Never have I ever made vodka gummy bears
Never have I ever had a cavity
Say something mean to the player opposite to you
What is the weirdest thing you’ve done in public?
Switch into your newest uploaded avatar
What is something that is absolutely off-limits in the bedroom?
All male avatars drink
Never have I ever had a one night stand
Never have I ever had such bad diarrhea that I didn't make it to the bathroom in time
Do you prefer sweet or sour?
Blow someone a kiss, they take a drink
Start a waterfall: you can only stop drinking if the player before you stopped
Never have I ever gently whispered in someone's ear
Change your status to: It should've been me..
Pick a buddy, you both drink the amount they suggest
Do you prefer Nintendo or Sega?
Who is most likely to lock themselves out of their own home?
Never have I ever been on a blind date
How many people have you slept with?
Impersonate someone in the group, if they guess correctly you can give a drink
What is your worst habit?
What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
Never have I ever drank before reaching your country's legal age
Who is most likely to keep a secret?
Guess someones drink, if you right they have to take a shot, if you wrong you take a drink 
Never have I ever owned an Xbox
Anyone who is from Spain takes 2 drinks
Longest username drinks
When was the last time you got really angry?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Never have I ever sent a nude picture
Everyone who has hue shift on their avatar drinks
Do you prefer dyed hair or natural colors?
Everyone takes a drink for each person that simps for them
Do you prefer drawing or painting?
Never have I ever walked in on someone in the bathroom
Everyone who has ever fallen asleep in VRchat takes a drink
Have you ever gone to school/work late due to oversleeping?
All avatars wearing glasses drink
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with B
Never have I ever drunkenly posted something online that I wished I hadn't
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Never have I ever eaten from someone else's plate when they weren't looking
Never have I ever had a weird nickname
Never have I ever turned underwear inside out to get more use out of it
Everyone who had Blender crash on them takes a drink
Never have I ever been a friend with benefits
What is your last nightmare?
Who is most likely to have their own reality show?
Who do you most want to sleep with out of everyone here?
Never have I ever blamed farts on an animal
Anyone who is from Greece takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever lost my swimwear bottoms
What’s something your mom doesn’t know about you?
Do you prefer The Simpsons or Family Guy?
Never have I ever tried champagne
Never have I ever been the designated driver
Never have I ever bungee-jumped
Drink with the person to your left and right
Never have I ever ridden a bike on the sidewalk
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with T
Never have I ever locked my keys in my car
Pick 1 person to take a drink with you
Never have I ever named a stuffed animal
Who is most likely to get a terrible tattoo?
Have you ever received a nude selfie?
Never have I ever made out with someone in a hot tub
Who is most likely to fake their own death?
Never have I ever made an impulse purchase online while drunk
Never have I ever crossed state lines to buy better fireworks
Anyone who is from Bulgaria takes 2 drinks
Anyone who has ever puked from alcohol take a drink
Do you prefer one-on-one or the more the merrier?
Never have I ever pretended to wash my hands by turning the water on, just in case someone is listening
Are you scared of the dark?
Never have I ever thought a fart smelled good
Never have I ever driven without wearing a seatbelt
Never have I ever flirted with someone more than 10 years older than me
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with P
Everyone who has their Discord in the bio drinks
If you had to flash just one person in this room, who would it be?
Change your status to: Looking for a playmate
You are a smuggler, you can get hired to smuggle a drink from one player to the other once per full round
Never have I ever broken the "five-second rule"
For the most A's in a username you need to drink 1 for each
Never have I ever bought lingerie
Never have I ever eaten something cold because I was too lazy to heat it up
Have you ever been rejected by someone?
Never have I ever destroyed a public bathroom
Do you have hidden piercings or tattoos?
Never have I ever sent a text to the wrong person
What’s your biggest insecurity?
Anyone who is from Luxembourg takes 2 drinks
Take 2 drinks
If you are wearing full body, rotate your belt 180 degrees for 1 turn
Never have I ever drank liquor straight from the bottle
Never have I ever spent time in detention
You are sped up, speak fast till your next turn 
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit?
You are a saint, you have to ease the burden of any player by 1 drink per 1 full round
Who is most likely to get thrown out of the club?
Never have I ever participated in a drinking competition
Rejoin the world or drink 10!
Do you ever lick your plate after dinner?
Never have I ever peed in the pool
Never have I ever Googled sex positions
Have you ever taken a body shot?
Never have I ever had a nightmare about zombies chasing me
Never have I ever made a duck face when taking a selfie
Never have I ever made out with a stranger
Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender?
Never have I ever flown in a helicopter
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
All avatars with lights on them drink
Never have I ever had to be carried to bed
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with M
Have you ever had a wet dream about yourself?
Never have I ever tried baby food
Never have I ever cheated on a test
Never have I ever accidentally eaten a bug
Everyone who has ever put someone to sleep in VRchat gives a dink
Do you like telling someone what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
The person across of you drinks
Start drinking until you have 1 drink left in your glass
Who is most likely to get a divorce?
Have you ever kept a library book?
Drink if you've ever dressed up as a maid
Have you ever stuck gum under a desk?
Perform 10 squats on the table
Perform a jump IRL at the same time as in VR
Never have I ever crashed a party or wedding
What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
The person after you picks how much you drink, they drink half that before they spin
Who is most likely to spend hours in a YouTube conspiracy theory hole?
Give away 4 drinks
Pick someone to sit on your lap for 1 round
Never have I ever cried during a Pixar movie
Guess someones kink, if you are correct they drink, if not you drink
Everyone takes a drink for each person they are simping for
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
Everyone takes 1 drink for each Lovense toy they own
What is the dumbest thing I’ve ever said?
Never have I ever farted in front of someone I liked
Never have I ever dropped Mentos into Coke or Pepsi
Who is most likely to cry whilst watching a sad movie?
Never have I ever had breakfast in bed
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Go sit on someones lap for 1 round
Never have I ever tried out to be an extra in a movie
Try to explain to someone in the game something by Quacking only
Anyone who is from Germany takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever read a single Harry Potter book
Put a ice cube in your underwear
Never have I ever burnt my mouth willingly because I was too hungry to wait
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
All inanimate avatars drink
Everyone takes as much drinks as continents they have been to
Everyone who is currently in a loli avatar drinks
Never have I ever purchased sexy sleepwear
Never have I ever used someone else’s toothbrush
Who is most likely to give someone a fake phone number?
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with?
Which cartoon character do you have the biggest crush on?
Never have I ever peeked at someone in the shower
Do your best impression of a evil german scientist
Never have I ever worn sleepwear and pretended it was clothing
Never have I ever stayed friends with an ex
Never have I ever tried skinny dipping
Never have I ever faked being sick so I could play video games
Who is most likely to lie to get a new job?
Do you prefer chicken nuggets or chicken fingers?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
Would you share a toothbrush with your partner?
Everyone representing the Quantum group drinks
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
Do you prefer Marvel or DC?
Tell a sad story to the group
Do you prefer breakfast or no breakfast?
Never have I ever finished a Sudoku puzzle
Never have I ever accidentally pooped my pants
Everyone who has a 7 in their age drinks
Who is most likely to ask for advice but never take it?
Have you ever sexted anyone?
Who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
Never have I ever sent someone a sexy selfie
Throw a D6, everybody drinks the amount you roll
Drink if your avatars gender does not match your own one
All avatars wearing shoes drink
Everyone fills up their drink again
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
Do you prefer Mansions or farmhouses?
Anyone who is drinking sake, take 2 drinks
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 1k hours, drink 1
Youngest person in the room drinks
Never have I ever worn the same pair of underwear more than three days
Who is most likely to break a world record?
Never have I ever gotten poop on my hand
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in September
Never have I ever secretly wished I were a wizard at Hogwarts
Have you ever done it in a public place?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with R
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with U
Have you ever wanted to try on clothing of the opposite sex?
If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
Never have I ever bought something stolen
Anyone who is drinking absinth, take 2 drinks
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Take 1 drink
Never have I ever driven drunk
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Never have I ever greeted someone I thought was someone else
Never have I ever made a wish at a fountain
Anyone who has white on their avatar drinks
Do you prefer mashed potatoes or baked potatoes?
Never have I ever taken a shot with no hands
Change your status to: Finally got it
Shortest avatar drinks
Never have I ever been caught picking my nose
Never have I ever stayed up all night
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
Never have I ever lied in a job interview
Never have I ever daydreamed about donuts
Behave like a NPC till your next Turn
Never have I ever creeped on someone I just met on social media
Have you ever pretended to like a gift?
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in February
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with N
Everyone who has ever lost money gambling takes a drink
Never have I ever eaten my nose boogers
Do you prefer hot tubs or hot springs?
Do you prefer tattoos or piercings?
All avatars wearing thigh highs drink
Take drinks with only 1 hand for 1 round
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
All avatars with a follower/pet drink
Never have I ever sent a sexy photo to a friend
Take a drink, gargle it in your mouth and than swallow it
Who is most likely to go on Love Island?
Never have I ever had a baby spit up on me
Never have I ever had a full-body massage
Never have I ever had a hickey
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it?
Never have I ever done it in a public place
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Oldest person in the room drinks
Never have I ever put candy on pizza
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 10k hours, drink 10
Change your status to: Put a leash on me
You are the bishop, you can bless a single player every full round, it removes a drink if they have to drink more then 1
Have you ever written a love letter?
Never have I ever voted
Who is most likely to write a bestseller?
Anyone who is sluring their words, they drinks some water
Drink if you've ever been banned from VRChat
What is the most times you've touched yourself in one day?
Never have I ever stalked a crush
Anyone smaller than you drinks
All furry avatars drink
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with C
Never have I ever had a favorite sex toy
Never have I ever had a date with someone I met on an app
Never have I ever prank called the police
Take a drink if you are in desktop
Never have I ever dine and dashed
Who is most likely to stay up the longest tonight?
Anyone who is from Hungary takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever used my hands as a tissue
Pick up to 2 people to take a drink with you
Never have I ever called the cops on someone
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
Never have I ever sat in the shower
Who is most likely to become a CEO?
Do you prefer books or Kindle?
Drink 1 for every country you visited
Anyone who is drinking whiskey, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever jumped out of a plane
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Never have I ever ridden a skateboard
Never have I ever broke up with someone while drunk
Anyone who is from France takes 2 drinks
Perform 10 pushups on the table
Never have I ever "cleaned up" by piling everything into a closet
Never have I ever spit out gum onto the ground
Never have I ever spent hours watching funny videos on YouTube
Who is most likely to marry someone they just met?
Give away 2 drinks
Who is most likely to commit a crime?
Everyone takes 1 drink for each social media platform you are on
Have you ever flashed someone?
Never have I ever jaywalked
Never have I ever had a deep-fried candy bar
Take a drink if you are mostly attracted to people the same age as you
Never have I ever bought myself a Happy Meal
Never have I ever had a dream about someone I liked
Never have I ever downloaded music illegally
Anyone who does not have a public world drinks
Whats the last porn/hentai you watched?
Never have I ever had a Jell-O shot
Who in the room would you marry, fuck, kill?
Describe what makes someone husband or wife material.
If your parents hated your partner, what would you do?
What have you lied to your partner about?
What is your favorite possession?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Everyone who has a 9 in their age drinks
What is your favorite soda?
Who is most likely to get too drunk at pre drinks?
You are a salesperson, try to sell a player of your choice your used socks
Never have I ever tried moonshine
Grab a pen and draw a cat on the table
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with J
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 8k hours, drink 8
Drink 4 if you like Android over Apple
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
Do you prefer spring or fall?
Anyone who is from Belgium takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever shot a gun
Never have I ever been playful with whipped cream
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with V
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
Never have I ever had surgery
Anyone who is from Sweden takes 2 drinks
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
All avatars with AudioLink on them drink
Challenge someone to emptying a drink, loser drinks double on their next prompt
Ever had a briliant buisness idea? If no, come up with a random one!
All Booth models drink
Do you prefer Christmas or Halloween?
Never have I ever eaten expired food or drink
What is the most times you've done it in one day?
Never have I ever seen snow
Change your status to: Let me lick your finger
Never have I ever broken a piece of furniture by sitting on it
Have you ever slept with someone of the same gender?
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
How often do you watch something naughty?
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2021 take 4 drinks
Never have I ever been told I had bad breath
Recite a part of "UwU what's this?" lyrics for the group
Do you prefer  traveling by train or bus?
Have you ever gotten into a fight on school grounds?
Do you prefer sushi or smoked fish?
Take as much drinks as there are people playing, divided by 2
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with I
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in June
Anyone who is from Norway takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever eaten Spam
Pick 2 people, they both finish half their drink
Never have I ever played strip poker
Tell us about a trait of yours that you think others might find annoying
Never have I ever forgotten the punchline of a joke
Never have I ever just looked at myself naked in the mirror
Anyone who has green on their avatar drinks
How far would you go on a first date?
What is your favorite season?
Never have I ever received a free drink
Give away 5 drinks
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Do you prefer summer or winter?
Anyone who has made a public avatar drinks
Anyone who is drinking mead, take 2 drinks
Never have I ever had a drop land on the toilet seat and not cleaned it off
Anyone who is from The Netherlands takes 2 drinks
Thank Cthulhu for the bountiful amount of drinks you and your friends are receiving, whole group cheers after
Never have I ever fantasized about someone else
Never have I ever dated someone who was underage
Take a drink if you are mostly attracted to people older than you
Never have I ever picked stuff out of my belly button
Never have I ever thrown something at a moving car
You have to include a "over" in every sentence you make for 1 round
Never have I ever fallen asleep and woken up somewhere else
Never have I ever bought clothing online
Do you prefer Spongebob or Patrick?
Tell everyone about your biggest pet peeve
Do you prefer yoga pants or jeans?
Never have I ever been a bully
Anyone who is from Canada takes 2 drinks
Never have I ever missed a high five
Change your status to: Please spank me
Name something illegal that you've done and regret
What is your favorite "special" toy?
Have you ever been in love?
Anyone who is from Portugal takes 2 drinks
Play rock paper scissors with someone, winner gives a dink
Never have I ever played poker for money
Everyone in the room drinks
Never have I ever passed a vehicle in a "no-passing" zone
Sample text, everyone dinks!
What's your most shallow reason for not going on a second date?
What is the worst food you have ever tasted?
Anyone taller than you drinks
Never have I ever given money to a homeless person
What was your first job?
Which sexy time position do you like the most?
Take a drink and spin again
Who is most likely to get caught having sex in public?
Who is most likely to be killed first if they were in a horror movie?
Who is most likely to spend all their money on something stupid?
Give away 3 drinks
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with G
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind
Have you ever roleplayed?
Do you prefer baseball or football?
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 2k hours, drink 2
Who is most likely to sleep with a friend's family member?
Propose to every player that has quacked in the last round
You have transformed into Windows 7 Internet Explorer! Delay all your words by 1 second till your next turn
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in December
Never have I ever used medicine that was prescribed to me
Never have I ever had a stranger buy me a drink
Take 2 drinks, give 1 drink
Never have I ever toured a brewery
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or makeup sex?
What was your biggest sexual disappointment?
Never have I ever watched pimple-popping videos
Which celebrity do you want to have a relationship with?
Never have I ever stolen money from someone
Do you prefer art festivals or music festivals?
Would you ever get into a long-distance relationship?
Anyone who has blue on their avatar drinks
All avatars with emission on them drink
Everyone who has at least 1 similar letter in their name drinks with you
Never have I ever tasted earwax
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Do you prefer a wallet or money clip?
Anyone who is drinking vodka, take 2 drinks
When you were eight years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?
Blondes, brunettes or redheads?
Take up to 10 drinks, everyone else drinks half that
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Never have I ever stolen a friend's story and pretended it happened to me
Do you write in a diary?
Have you ever cheated on a Test and actually got a good Grade, without the Teacher noticeing you cheated ?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something?
Never have I ever had a one-night stand
