START TRUTH
If you could be invisible for a day, what’s the first thing you would do?
What’s the biggest secret you’ve kept from your parents?
What’s the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What’s one thing you love most about yourself?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for and why?
What is your favourite movie genre?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
Have you ever ghosted on someone?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and who would be the first to go?
What excuse have you used before to get out plans?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
Read the last text you sent someone, out loud.
What's your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a deserted island?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What celebrity do you think you most look like?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is one thing you would stand in line an hour for?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What was your favorite childhood show?
If you had to change your name, what would your new first name be?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
If you could date a fictional character, who would it be?
What's one thing you can't live without?
Where was your favorite childhood vacation spot?
What is the weirdest trend you've ever participated in?
Who do you text the most?
ave you ever been fired from a job?
What’s an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
Which player knows you the best?
What's your favorite part of your body?
If you could only accomplish three things in life, what would they be?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Tell us about the biggest romantic fail you’ve ever experienced.
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What is an important thing you look for in a love interest?
What is your worst habit?
Do you sleep with any stuffed animals?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Name one thing you’d do if you knew there’d be zero consequences.
Do you pee in the shower?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done to get a crush’s attention?
What’s the last movie that made you cry?
What’s the last song that made you cry?
What are the five most recent things in your search history?
When’s the last time you got caught in a lie?
What gross smell do you actually enjoy?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
Who would you f*ck, marry, kill..? #NAME / #NAME / #NAME
Do you think #NAME and #NAME ever did something naughty together?
Would you throw #NAME into lava for a million dollars?
If you could choose between #NAME and #NAME, who would you save from certain death?
Would you have sexy time with #NAME?
What do you think about #NAME?
What was the last lie you told #NAME?
What do you like and hate about #NAME?
Would you trust #NAME to give you an employment reference?
Would you and #NAME make a good couple?
Do you secretly fantasize about #NAME?
Do you think #NAME has ever been fired from a job?
Do you have #NAME added on your friendlist? If so both take 1 drink.
Do you think #NAME can swim?
Who do you think would win in a fight? #NAME or #NAME
Would you ERP with #NAME for unlimited drinks?
Would you rather live with #NAME or #NAME?
Do you think you have more hours on VRC than #NAME?
What’s the most attractive quality you see in #NAME?
What’s your idea of a perfect first date with #NAME?
If you could swap lives with #NAME for a day, what’s the first thing you’d do?
Do you think #NAME would be a good parent?
Do you think #NAME drinks more than #NAME?
Do you think #NAME will ever have children?
Do you think #NAME has prescription glasses?
Do you think #NAME is taller than you IRL?
Is there a game from your childhood that you still play?
Have you ever bitten your partner during sexy time?
Have you ever been bitten by your partner during sexy time?
Whats your favorite alcoholic beverage?
Whats your favorite non-alcoholic beverage?
Who is your least favorite person here?
Who is your most favorite person here?
Whats you favorite kind of food?
Have you ever lied to win "Never have I ever"?
Have you've ever gotten lost in an IKEA?
Have you ever been rejected by a crush?
Have you ever pretended to be sick, so your parents would let you stay at home?
What superpower would you like to have?
If you could be a supervillan, what would be your Backstory?
If you could be a superhero, what would be your Backstory?
When was the last time you dreamed of sexy time?
Is there somebody here that you would like to push of a mountain?
If you could decide between infinite money or infinite luck, which would you choose?
If you could turn invisible, what would you do with that Power?
If you could transform how you look visually (fictional or real), who would you transform into?
If you could switch lives for 1 day with anyone here, who would you pick?
Do you play any embarrising games?
Who do you like the most and least here?
Do you like the lights on or off during sexy time?
Would you rather only to be able to lie, or only be able to say the truth?
Have you ever mixed salami and nutella and eaten it?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite animal?
If you had to be any animal, which one and why?
Do you put milk or cereal first into your bowl, and why?
Do you sometimes wear your underwear more then 1 1ay?
Are you rather chaotic evil, or chaotic good?
If you could change 1 thing about this world, what would it be?
Would you rather be able to get drunk or high, just by thinking about it?
Have you ever thought about how mermaids poop?
What's something you really hope your parents never finds out about you?
What is your worst fear?
Who is your best drinking buddy here?
What's your favorite anime?
Have you ERP'd in a public lobby?
Have you ERP'd with someone in the room?
How many IRL sexual partners have you had?
If you could have one super power, what would it be?
Who is your favorite pokémon?
What's your favorite drinking game?
Do you think you could easily lie to #NAME?
What's your favorite meal to cook?
What are you most afraid of?
What was your dream job as a child?
What is your favorite movie/book series?
Have you ever played a porn game for over an hour straight?
How much money would it take for you to quit your job today?
If you had to be trapped on a desert island with one person here, who would it be?
Do you have a disability? 
What was the last webpage you bookmarked? 
Recommend a game, movie or show you've enjoyed recently.
Have you ever been arrested/detained?
Have you ever subscribed/donated to a cam model?
Have you watched hentai this past week?
Have you ever ERP'd using a furry avatar?
What is the nastiest thing you have eaten.
What would your dream job be.
What is something most don't know about you.
What is something you would really want to do someday.
What is your deepest darkest fantasy?
Are you a top or a bottom?
Do you spit or swallow?
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
What’s something you pretend to like, but actually hate?
What’s the most childish thing you still do as an adult?
Who in this room would you trust the most with a secret, and why?
What’s the weirdest place you’ve ever hooked up?
What’s the kinkiest thing you’ve ever done?
If you had to describe your love life as a movie title, what would it be?
END TRUTH
START DARE
Drink 2 together with #NAME.
Give a kiss to #NAME.
Sit on the lap of #NAME for 1 round.
You are now drinking buddys with #NAME!
Punch #NAME!
Try to seduce #NAME!
Message #NAME that you love them!
Drink the amount #NAME tells you to! (max. 8)
Give #NAME headpats!
Kneel before #NAME!
Give #NAME a hug!
Give #NAME a lapdance!
You and #NAME are now married for 1 round, do the same prompt as they receive.
You and #NAME have to dance on #NAME!
Switch seats with #NAME.
Do you best impression of #NAME.
Cheers with #NAME!
Give #NAME a hug, they need it.
#NAME will choose a word for you to spell.
Win a rock paper scissors against #NAME, or else take 5 drinks.
If you are older than #NAME, take 2 drinks.
Whisper something flirtatious to #NAME.
Talk in a very high voice for 1 round.
Talk like Batman for 1 round.
Quack everytime before you take a drink for 1 round.
Do your sexiest moan!
Make a Rule!
Destroy a Rule!
Give someone who is not paying attention 2 drinks!
Whisper for 1 round.
Change your status to what the group decides!
Show everyone your best dancemoves!
Group shot!
Chug for 3 seconds.
Press the dare button 2 more times!
Press the truth button 2 times!
Jump in VR and IRL at the same time.
Toggle off 1 piece of clothing.
Change into your weirdest avatar for 1 round.
Gurgle your drink.
Take 8 drinks!
Say everything twice for 1 round.
Slap yourself on the butt.
The group chooses your dare!
Talk in slow-mo for 1 round.
Take a pure shot!
Change into the last avatar you ERP'd in.
Chug until #NAME says you can stop.
Tell a knock-knock joke.
Preform 10 squats!
Preform 10 push-ups!
Change into your least favorite uploaded avatar.
Invite someone to the world and make them drink!
Drink for each person here you've thought about lewdly. 
Say a number between 1-10, then ask #NAME if you should take or give it.
Eat a spoonful of raw cereal
Fortnite dance right now!
Take 3 drinks and tell Ziggor to fix his world.
Give out 3 drinks.
Change your avatar height to the minimum for a round.
Shh... mute yourself for a round.
Your nickname is "Stinky" for a round.
Give out a drink for each "Known User". If there are none, you take 5.
If you have "Very Poor" avatar, take 5. If not, give out 5.
End every sentence with a "meow" until your next turn.
Give us your best pick up line or move.
Say the worst slur you are willing to say out loud.
Speak your own language until your next turn.
Use only sign language until your next turn.
Compliment three people in the room—but make it weirdly specific.
END DARE




